README.md, before:

To set up this project with aws, after cloning the project:

1. Run npm i from within the project.
2. Edit the tsc-lambda.sh file.
    - Make sure that the lambda function names match those of yours.
3. Run the tsc-lambda.sh file. 
- In a git terminal, run 'sh tsc-lambda.sh'.
- If you don't have 7-zip installed, make sure to install that since it gets called in the script.
4. Add a lambda layer to the lambdas for dependencies not included in the compiled files.
        - These dependences may include moment, uuid, aws-sdk...
    - Create a lambda layer in aws.
        - Navigate to lambda, then select layers on the left side.
        - Set the compatible runtime to the same as your lambda (should be Node.js 18.x).
        - Upload the typescript-javascript-encode.zip file to the lambda layer.
    - Go to the lambda and add the layer as a custom layer.
    - If the zip file doesn't work properly, or you need to create your own dependencies for the lambda layer, follow the instructions at [lambda layers](lambdaLayers.md)

Commit message:

documentation for README, add 7-zip to path.

README.md, after:

To set up this project with aws, after cloning the project:

1. Run npm i from within the project.
2. Edit the tsc-lambda.sh file.
    - Make sure that the lambda function names match those of yours.
3. Run the tsc-lambda.sh file. 
- In a git terminal, run 'sh tsc-lambda.sh'.
- If you don't have 7-zip installed, make sure to install 7-zip, then add it to the path environment variable in windows since it gets called in the script.
4. Add a lambda layer to the lambdas for dependencies not included in the compiled files.
        - These dependences may include moment, uuid, aws-sdk...
    - Create a lambda layer in aws.
        - Navigate to lambda, then select layers on the left side.
        - Set the compatible runtime to the same as your lambda (should be Node.js 18.x).
        - Upload the typescript-javascript-encode.zip file to the lambda layer.
    - Go to the lambda and add the layer as a custom layer.
    - If the zip file doesn't work properly, or you need to create your own dependencies for the lambda layer, follow the instructions at [lambda layers](lambdaLayers.md)
